in my professional life I've had two mentors that really had a great deal
of influence on me in the navy shortly after I got commissioned
I was working for a gentleman who was our executive officer Lieutenant
Commander George lam and he and I went on active duty for training
to gather and we were down in Pensacola Florida and we had to go through
the main gate for the training center every morning and strange
enough that's a gate on which I used to stand guard duty when I was
in the listed person but they had civilians there now and the civilians
were sloppy and not very attentive and certainly didn't show
any snap or involvement of what they re doing so when we got time to
leave that particular post they gave us a form to fill out in the form
said tell something you've observed here and what you got out of
that and what we need to do to make it better and I told the commander
lamb I think I should write up the main gate and he turned to me
and said then whatever you do do not light up the guys on the main
gate because he said if there was a problem you're an officer you should
have taken care of it right there if there is a problem you want
to have taken care of you should take care of it are there somebody
else to clean it up for you that's one thing he said the second thing
is be aware that they give you a forum like this and say what happened
when you were here beware that that's how they're going to write
your fitness report when you go home so I thought all that's good
so I wrote a fitness report that said tell you what when I came here
I learned all kinds of wonderful stuff and I'm Robert officer for
everything I've done and this will stick in my mind for a long time
because this is such great training and when my fitness report came
back it said instantaneous came in he learned some wonderful stuff
and it was great training and had a great influence on his life almost
word for word cut and paste off that for so that's the kind of advice
he gave me I've had a similar mentor in my technical live Paul
the Sina who is now at Argonne national labs also somebody you needed
to listen to so that's too good piece of advice from two good guys
that I worked for and I hope you get a mentor that give you good advice
to